# Scale Up Submission Form

## Basics

### Summarize the Work you Completed Over the Week  
I made a React Native IOS app that displays the currency and expense data generated by my Ramble Map project. This involved learning the basics of React Native and Xcode. The app is called Ramble App. Ramble Map & Ramble App. Wowwwww. To implement this I built out a few API endpoints to hit in the mapping application. I plan on putting this app in the Apple App Store after polishing it a little more.

### Link(s) to Your Work  
https://github.com/SteveOscar/Ramble_App  

https://github.com/SteveOscar/ramble_map

### Talk about something that you didn't know about before this week.  
I didn't know how to use Xcode to simulate deploying to different devices. So I learned how to do that, and also how to deploy the app to my actual phone, and how do basic debugging in Xcode.

### Link to blog post(s) submitted  
https://medium.com/@steveolson_28159/using-the-react-native-navigator-f703829179fa#.y8w7mow0n    

https://medium.com/p/4cf2d8c8c040/edit  

### Discuss: your experience doing PR reviews and getting PR feedback  
Well, being apart from the main TrotBox group, I didn't have much of a grasp on what they were doing, and people didn't really know much about what I was doing with React Native. But we were able to point out commented out code or other little mistakes.

### Discuss: your experience doing daily stand ups  
It was nice to hear what everyone was working, but as I wasn't involved or invested in the main project, it was more nice to hear about what else was going on in their lives.

### Please feel free to ask any other questions or make any other statements below!  
I enjoyed having the freedom to pursue a project of my own choosing, and I think it's a good part of Module 4 to have more options like that. 

-----

# Instructor Evaluation:

Points: (max 150)

### Blog Post (40 Points)  
  * 40: Developer has >= 2 blog posts documenting something they have worked on for their independent study or has one in depth blog post.
  * 25: Developer has one blog post less than 500 characters long.
  * 0: Developer created no blog posts.

### Participation (50 points)
  * 50: Developer participated daily in stand ups with the group (remote or in person). Developer was able to speak to their work in stand ups in a way that was clear and informative. Developer was involved in pull request reviews.
  * 40: Developer participated daily in stand ups with the group (remote or in person). Developer has difficulty speaking to their work in stand ups.
  * 30: Developer was absent for 1 stand up, did not participate actively in code reviews.
  * 0: Developer was absent for > 1 standup, did not participate actively in lessons and peer reviews. Did not deliver or almost deliver any features.

### Risk Taking and Creativity (60 points)

Instructor/Developer will select one feature in the project to review for this section of the rubric.

  * 60: Developers pushed themselves and their team by taking risks which is demonstrated by a delivered feature. Developers explored concepts and technologies outside the scope of the curriculum.
  * 50: Developers pushed themselves and their team by taking risks which is demonstrated by an almost delivered feature.
  * 30: Developers attempted to implement extensions using technologies not covered in class but it did not result in a delivered feature.
  * 10: Developers but did not build any features.
